---
layout: post
title: "X-Rays: A Dystopian RPG Adventure"
date: 2023-09-24
categories: [University,GroupProject]
tags: [C#,Unity,Aseprite]
image:
  path: /assets/XRays.png
  lqip: data:image/webp;base64,UklGRpoAAABXRUJQVlA4WAoAAAAQAAAADwAABwAAQUxQSDIAAAARL0AmbZurmr57yyIiqE8oiG0bejIYEQTgqiDA9vqnsUSI6H+oAERp2HZ65qP/VIAWAFZQOCBCAAAA8AEAnQEqEAAIAAVAfCWkAALp8sF8rgRgAP7o9FDvMCkMde9PK7euH5M1m6VWoDXf2FkP3BqV0ZYbO6NA/VFIAAAA
  alt: Gameplay scene.
---

## About
X-Rays is an Action-Adventure Dystopian RPG, aiming to combine the thrill of survival with the curiosity, innate in everyone, to explore and interact with various characters throughout the journey.

## Project info
**👤 Role:**  Game and AI programmer  
**👥 Team size:**  5  
**⏱︎Time frame:**  2 months  
**⚒︎ Engine:**  Unity(C#)

<iframe width="420" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCWWp8SQUlM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

This project helped me achieve a **comprehensive understanding of game programming**. I had to manage numerous characters, inventory, dialogues, and various mechanics within the game: movement, combat, puzzles. During the development process, I aimed to write **optimized and reusable code**, ensuring efficient handling of game elements and enhancing the overall performance of the game.

### Enemy AI
Enemies actively search for the player within their vicinity. Upon detecting a player element nearby, they approach the closest one. When within the attack range, they initiate an attack. If the player moves out of range, the enemies will resume pursuing the player, attempting to get back within attack range and attack again.

## What i learned
The experience was exciting and highly educational, as it provided me with valuable insights into game programming, the challenges associated with game development, and the considerable effort required. It emphasized the **importance of teamwork**, showing how a cohesive group can elevate a game to the next level and smooth out the workload. Throughout this journey, I have developed a strong **passion for game programming**, willingly devoting my days to coding and exploring new better possibilities.

Build, source code and further insights can be found in the github repository [here](https://github.com/GianluDR/XRays-Unity-game).
